# 3-traps

Level Four:

To solve this level, I first set a breakpoint on level_four and stepped through to better understand how it worked. From there, I was able to see that a helper function, 'read_four_numbers', was called. So, I figured that the level took in four integer inputs. I then took a look at the 'dump.txt' file I made, and found that a call to pop_trap was made right after a cmp statement (the program would jump to the end if two registers, %rsi and %rdi, were equal). I was then able to find that both registers were strings, since there was a call to a helper function, 'strings_not_equal'. For this reason, I then set a breakpoint a few lines before that call to the helper was made. Then, I was able to see that in the %rsi register, the string 'trap' was stored. After this discovery, I printed out the %rdi register, and saw that it was a jumble of letters. I was hence able to figure out that the four inputs were somehow converted into a string. Following this, I played around with different inputs to get a sense of how the program converted each integer to a character, and which integer corresponded to which letter. By doing that, I was able to see that the integer '2' in position 1 corresponded to a 't', and a '2' in position 3 corresponded to an 'a'. This then left me with: 't_a_' found. I then plugged in zero in position 2, and 1 in position 4, and found that the output spelled out 'trap'. So, the four inputs I found were: 2 0 2 1, which was the correct password.
